Title: PyConES 2020 Call for Proposals is open!!!
Date: 2020-06-15
Category: PyConES
Summary: We are pleased to announce that the C4P for PyConES 2020 (Online edition) is open! Now you can send us your proposals for the PyConES 2020 conference and this year we will have some important changes!

<center><small>
NOTE: Si hablas español, puedes [ir a la versión es ESPAÑOL]({filename}/2020-06-05-pycones-2020-c4p-es.md)
</small></center>

We are pleased to announce that the C4P for **PyConES 2020** *(Online version)* is open!

Now you can send us your proposals for the PyConES 2020 conference and this year we will have some important changes!


## Code of Conduct

We want to have a welcoming and pleasant conference, with a harassment-free experience for everyone. PyConES 2020 has a mandatory [code of conduct](https://es.python.org/pages/codigo-de-conducta.html) for all people participating in the event.


## Where and when

The eighth edition of PyConES will be held on **October 3rd, 2020** as an online event.


## What is the deadline to submit my proposal

You can submit all your proposals until 23:59 on <s>**Sunday, July 26, 2020**</s> <s>**Sunday, August 2, 2020**</s> **Sunday, August 16, 2020**.


## Type of sessions available

As per the current situation this year we’re changing the format and limiting it to just one option, the 20 minutes short talk, in order to make it easier for both speakers and attendees.

So, you’ll have a 20 minutes slot divided in 15 minutes for the talk and 5 minutes for questions from the attendees.


## What can I talk about

We’d like to propose the following topics:

* **Core Python** - Language Features, Python Implementations, Extending Python and Standard Library, language internals.

* **Community, culture and society** - Diversity, health, productivity, workspace issues, privacy, community building, coding for causes.

* **Data Science, Machine Learning and AI**

* **Scientific Computing** - Python usage in scientific computing and research. GIS, Mathematics, Simulations.

* **Web** -  Web development, APIs, Microservices...

* **Desktop Applications** - Qt, GTK+, Tkinter, Gnome, KDE, Accessibility.

* **Game, Design and 3D Modelling **- Python in developing games, 3-D modelling and animation.

* **Embedded Python and IoT** - MicroPython, Python on Hardware, Robotics, Arduino and Raspberry Pi.

* **Sys / Dev Ops** - Testing, CI/CD, Containers, Orchestration, Logging and Monitoring.

* **Networking and Security** - Network Programming, Network Security and Encryption

At PyConES we have an audience with different backgrounds and diverse interests. Therefore, we accept proposals that offer an introduction for those newly initiated, as well as those proposals that deepen in some aspect in particular for those who dominate the topic.


## How will the selection process be?

1. You have fill out the form that you will find at the end and send us a link to a video of no more than 5 minutes with the talk’s summary. Please note that if you’re selected we’ll ask you to record a 15’ video that will be broadcasted during the event.

2. A group of volunteers and organizers of Python España will check the videos and will make the final selection, attending interest and diversity criteria. They can contact you if some question arises or some clarification is needed.

3. During August we’ll contact the selected speakers so they need to create a 15’ video with the complete talk and send it to the organization before **September 15th.**

4. The week before the event we will tell you the emission slot, so you can be online to answer the question live during the 5’ after the emission.


## Other considerations

* Remember that during the evaluation process we may contact you to ask for more information about your proposal.
* You can send all the proposals you want.
* The proposals can be individual or in a group.
* Whether we select your proposal or not, we will send you a notification.

If you have any questions or special requirements, you can write to us at **[contact@2020.es.pycon.org](mailto:contact@2020.es.pycon.org)**


## We want to help you

One of the goals of the Python community is to promote diversity. So, from the organization, we want to improve the participation of underrepresented groups and we also want to be the event where you give your first talk.

There are a million reasons why you may feel that you don't have the knowledge or experience required to send us a proposal, but we are here to prove you are wrong! From the organization we want to help you so you can give a great talk.

* We are happy to meet with you to talk about your interests and advise you on a specific topic for your proposal, either talk or workshop.
* We can advise on how to prepare the slides and help you with it.
* We can advise on how to prepare the video for the proposal and how to edit it.
* If you need to practice the talk, we can gather a group of trusted people so you can talk in front of a friendly crowd and they give you feedback.
* Or we can contact someone with experience in the subject, to help you to prepare your proposal or participate with you.

You can contact us for anything you need.

Write to us at: **[contact@2020.es.pycon.org](mailto:contact@2020.es.pycon.org)**

If you are not still convinced, please visit [We Are All Awesome](http://weareallaweso.me/) where you can find more reasons about why you should submit your proposal.

<center>
## [ACCESS THE FORM](https://forms.gle/zXzaZ9VHbwfzwWabA)
</center>
